# Generated by r6-generator-maven-plugin: remove this line and make manual changes when you come to CRAN submission

## Test environments

GitHub actions test environments:
* os: macOS Big Sur 11, R: 4.1.0, Java 11
* os: Ubuntu 20.04; R: 4.1.0, Java 11
* os: Ubuntu 20.04, R: 3.6.1, Java 8
* os: Windows Server 2022, R: 4.1.0, Java 11

not run on
* os: Ubuntu 22.04, R: 4.2.0, Java 17

## R CMD check results
# TODO: insert R CMD check results here before submission


## CRAN notes justifications

* This project contains a Java library and R code generated by the (r6-generator maven plugin)[https://github.com/terminological/r6-generator].
This generates wrapper R6 code, documentation, DESCRIPTION and NAMESPACE files, along with supporting files such as this cran-comments.md, 
github workflows. If there are specific issues with the way these files are generated please could you raise issues on the r6-generator project on the link above
so they can be fixed for all future projects.

* Only the Java source code is supplied with this distribution, packaged in a JAR file. The Java code must be compiled from the source
which will be performed upon first use of the library, including the transitive resolution and the download of any dependencies needed. All dependencies must be 
publicaly available in canonical Maven repositories. This is the most transparent option in terms of the openness of the source code of this R package. 
However, the build process may be relatively time consuming and a potential point of failure. This is mitigated as much as possible by using battle tested
standard Java tooling for compilation and dependency management. This strategy should have a relatively small footprint for the R package, and minimise the
size required for distribution. 

* The R6 package is a build time dependency. The note that it is unused can be safely ignored.

* This is a new release.
